We already learn about those lifecycle books for pages.
And those were methods we could implement on the page itself.
And I wanted to would execute them whenever that page is presented whenever it is pages loaded.
Now the new books are kind of different.
These are not methods we're implementing on a page.
Instead as shown before these are methods we can execute on a view control.
For example on a modal which is loaded what.
And then they are executed on certain points of time.
For example we have you will enter hook.
This is an observable observable you should be aware of what this is anglo to use them a lot and it
fires an event whenever this and whenever it is due.
I should say it's about to become active.
We also have did enter and it's obviously fired once it has become active.
We have will leave and did leave.
And it should be pretty clear that there was a fire just before and after the view was removed and we
all to have on will unload which is which is fired whenever it is destroyed.
We also have on will dismiss an audit dismiss.
And these are not observables.
Instead these are functions which take a callback function as an argument which they execute well.
Just before we were about to dismiss it or right after we did dismiss it